quality and availability of medical care
in one's new home is often at the top of
the list of concerns for anyone about to
start an international assignment how
will I find a doctor what language will
he or she speak who can help me in case
of an emergency
these are just some of the questions
that may be on your mind Tobias health
services are internationally recognized
to be of good quality with hospitals
boasting their modern facilities and
short waiting times what I think is is
lovely and and something that assures
people or reassures people in coming
here is that the quality of medical
services extremely good here most
doctors will probably have provision to
see you on a day to day basis if you
phone up and say it's an emergency I'm
in a great deal of pain they will
certainly fit you in and you shouldn't
by and large have more than a few days
to wait even if you do not have private
medical cover you are likely to receive
excellent service from the public sector
Dubai's healthcare is run by the
Department of Health and Medical
Services it provides free or very low
cost medical services for UAE residents
expatriates may either obtain their own
health insurance from a private insurer
or apply for a health card issued by the
state authorities there is a local
system where you can purchase a house
card I think it's just over a hundred
Durham's and you can avail of services
from the the Iranian hospital or Dubai
Hospital depending on where you live is
dependent on which hospital you you're
allowed to utilize public hospitals
accept foreign patients with health
cards but on an emergency basis only in
terms of the private sector there are
many options for expats looking for
medical care the City Hospital general
medical center American Hospital well
care hospital and Rashid Hospital all
provide excellent care to buy health
care city is an area filled with many
different private clinics and can
fulfill all your medical needs Emaar
healthcare is also a popular choice they
have clinics in both the Arabian Ranches
and emirate hails compounds with a newly
open medical center in Dubai Mall
all of these clinics employ foreign
healthcare professionals with training
from their home countries most of them
come from the USA india egypt europe and
pakistan the qualifications are
carefully verified before they can
practice in Dubai to work in Dubai
Healthcare City to get a license to work
within this whole area including the
hospital one has to have appropriate
qualifications from one of about 40
different nationalities or 40 different
nations that the Licensing Authority in
Dubai accepts mostly doctors either UK
trained us trained or South America and
a South African track private medical
insurance is recommended for most
foreigners that it is not required for
companies to pay mandatory health
contributions for their employees
further information on these clinics is
available from the links below or ask
your MoveOn consultant about healthcare
options in Dubai and the United Arab
Emirates